[APM] Update PHP tracer docs with the latest env vars (#7620)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup/php.md

| `DD_TRACE_HTTP_CLIENT_SPLIT_BY_DOMAIN`    | `false`     | Set the service name of HTTP requests to `host-<hostname>` (e.g. a `curl_exec()` call to `https://datadoghq.com` would have the service name `host-datadoghq.com` instead of the default service name of `curl`) |
| `DD_TRACE_MEASURE_COMPILE_TIME`           | `true`      | Record the compile time of the request (in milliseconds) onto the top-level span                                                               |
| `DD_TRACE_NO_AUTOLOADER`                  | `false`     | Set to `true` to enable auto instrumentation for applications that do not use an autoloader                                                    |
| `DD_TRACE_REPORT_HOSTNAME`                | `false`     | Enable hostname reporting on the root span                                                                                                     |
| `DD_TRACE_RESOURCE_URI_MAPPING`           | `null`      | CSV of URL-to-resource-name mapping rules. (e.g., `/foo/*,/bar/$*/baz`; [see "Custom URL-To-Resource Mapping"](#custom-url-to-resource-mapping)) |

> | `DD_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE`                    | `1.0`       | The sampling rate for the traces. Between `0.0` and `1.0` (default). It was `DD_SAMPLING_RATE` before v0.36.0                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE`                    | `1.0`       | The sampling rate for the traces (defaults to: between `0.0` and `1.0`). For versions <0.36.0, this parameter is `DD_SAMPLING_RATE`.                                  |
```

> | `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES`                 | `null`      | A JSON encoded string to configure the sampling rate. (e.g. Set the sample rate to 20%: `[{"sample_rate": 0.2}]`. Set the sample rate to 10% for services starting with 'a' and span name 'b'. Set the sample rate to 20% for all other services: `[{"service": "a.*", "name": "b", "sample_rate": 0.1}, {"sample_rate": 0.2}]`); [see "Integration Names"](#integration-names) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES`                 | `null`      | A JSON encoded string to configure the sampling rate. Examples: Set the sample rate to 20%: `[{"sample_rate": 0.2}]`. Set the sample rate to 10% for services starting with 'a' and span name 'b' and set the sample rate to 20% for all other services: `[{"service": "a.*", "name": "b", "sample_rate": 0.1}, {"sample_rate": 0.2}]` (see [Integration names](#integration-names)). |
```

> | `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED`  | `true`      | Enable URL's as resource names; [see "Map Resource Names To Normalized URI"](#map-resource-names-to-normalized-uri)                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_TRACE_URL_AS_RESOURCE_NAMES_ENABLED`  | `true`      | Enable URL's as resource names (see [Map resource names to normalized URI](#map-resource-names-to-normalized-uri)).                            |
```

> | `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`      | `false`     | Flag to enable app analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration; [see "Integration Names"](#integration-names)                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`      | `false`     | A flag to enable app analytics for relevant spans in a specific integration (see [Integration names](#integration-names)).                       |
```

> | `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_SAMPLE_RATE`  | `1.0`       | Set the app analytics sample rate for relevant spans in a specific integration; [see "Integration Names"](#integration-names)                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_SAMPLE_RATE`  | `1.0`       | Set the app analytics sample rate for relevant spans in a specific integration (see [Integration names](#integration-names)).                  |
```

#### Integration names

The table below specifies the default service names for each integration. Change the service names with `DD_SERVICE_MAPPING`.

> Use the name when setting integration-specific configuration such as, `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`. e.g. Laravel would be `DD_LARAVEL_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the name when setting integration-specific configuration such as, `DD_<INTEGRATION>_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`, for example: Laravel is `DD_LARAVEL_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`.
```

| Integration       | Service Name      |
|-------------------|-------------------|
| CakePHP           | `cakephp`         |
| CodeIgniter       | `codeigniter`     |
| cURL              | `curl`            |
| ElasticSearch     | `elasticsearch`   |
| Eloquent          | `eloquent`        |
| Guzzle            | `guzzle`          |
| Laravel           | `laravel`         |
| Lumen             | `lumen`           |
| Memcached         | `memcached`       |
| Mongo             | `mongo`           |
| Mysqli            | `mysqli`          |
| PDO               | `pdo`             |
| Predis            | `predis`          |
| Slim              | `slim`            |
| Symfony           | `symfony`         |
| WordPress         | `wordpress`       |
| Yii               | `yii`             |
| ZendFramework     | `zendframework`   |

> #### Map Resource Names To Normalized URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Map resource names to normalized URI
```
